hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you my morning routines the
first day of school which was very
highly requested after I posted my night
routine
[Music]
and of course I am very excited
the first thing I just put my glasses on
appears site is rather important and
then I proceeded to put my watch on
because if I do it at the beginning it
means that I definitely don't forget it
and for me this is an essential to bring
to school and then I go and put on the
clothes that I chose last night to you
well to the last day
then I fold up my pajamas and in the
pajama compartment of my water next I
open the cartons and I greet the lovely
day that is sure to come and I open up a
window just to get a breath of fresh air
because your room can get very stuffy
when you first wake up and then I
proceed to make my bed which is a staple
part of my morning routine I do not
think that I would be as productive as I
am if I didn't make my bed in the
morning then I slip on my lovely Bowden
bunny slippers and go to the bathroom
where I wash my hands do my contact
lenses and brush my teeth
[Music]
when I get back into my room I put my
glasses back in their case and then I do
my hair so I slept in Platts last night
but I actually filmed this video in the
middle of the afternoon and that is why
my hair isn't actually wavy from the
past usually it comes out a little wavy
and then my slipper headband in and I
put on my favorite pumpkin pie tunes
Here I am lighting a candle and this is
probably my favorite candle bloom which
is the two-two-one Lee Baker Street from
from the page paddles this isn't
conventional it's not usually a part of
my morning routine but I like to write
to my log in the morning just to say my
feeling was about how much I'm in I'm
anticipating a new school year
then I go downstairs I meet myself a
very healthy and nutritional breakfast
which is porridge I actually call it
oatmeal even though technically porridge
is the English word as a word
linguistically I think oatmeal is a race
alert so I'm just confirming this over
the oven and pouring it in and yes it
does look very milky but this is because
I like my porridge my oatmeal very milky
and of course I you tips and that is me
expressing my delight at the oatmeal and
of course as ever
I read advocacy and I was reading Harry
Potter and be present as
then of course like wash up my plate and
my bowl and spirit even story
[Music]
and then I will probably post something
on Instagram just something along the
lines of I'm excited to the first day of
school my Instagram is out under school
Ruby Granger if you are wondering and
you wanted to follow or messaged me on
there then I'll go on a quick walk in
the garden just about some brush air
before we leave and I will go back
inside and just read until everyone else
is ready to go because by this time it's
about 7:30 probably bit earlier actually
then I check that everything is in my
schoolbag which is so important I
actually check the night before as well
but it's really essential for you that I
I am super organized on the first day of
school so here is me just making sure
that everything is in my bag and then
I'm ready to go so thank you for
watching I hope that you enjoyed and
good luck and have fun at your first day
of school thank you again and have a
productive week